100 things we all find absolutely
infuriating about our tech let's go
because new iPhones record videos in HDR
by default now you get so much social
media content that's just excessively
bright it wastes your battery while
blinding you with no tangible benefit
the PS5 is disc drive faces the opposite
way to what you might expect and as soon
as you realize it you start to second
guess your second guess gaslighting
yourself into getting it wrong every
single time till the end of time sent
from my iPhone being added by default to
every single email sent from an iPhone
it was Tacky in 2008 and it's definitely
Tacky in 2024 smartphone predictive text
that's so insistent it's correct that
even when you type something and it
replaces it and then you retype that
same thing it'll just replace it again
streaming services were originally meant
to be the easier cheaper alternative to
cable TV now you have to pay for so many
different ones that it's literally just
as bad speaking of TVs though how poor
and laggy TV interfaces usually are
especially puzzling considering how good
the smartphones made by the same
companies are the baked in TV picture
modes ruin everything movies are
designed to look a certain way and run
at a certain frame rate and so putting a
weird filter over them and adding in
extra frames to make them Ultra fluid
doesn't make them feel more like Cinema
mode like the name suggests it just
makes them look Incorrect and what's
with all these TV remotes where the okay
button is also a scroll wheel that
unavoidably Scrolls as you're trying to
press it you have literally 30 other
pretty much useless buttons you could
have replaced but no let's strap
together the two things you use the most
in a way that doesn't allow you to use
either properly and what's with the name
of TVs they're all practically
indistinguishable gobbly goo and so
anytime I'm trying to cast to one I'm
very concerned that I'm actually going
to cast to someone else's TV especially
in a hotel room when there's like 50
different ones you could be connecting
to oh and to finish it off flat screen
TV speakers are particularly bad at
projecting quiet audio so dialogue is
practically inaudible to start with so
you turn the volume up and then proceed
to get deafened when it switches over to
an action scene websites that have
five-step captures because apparently
uncovering indecipherable hieroglyphs
like this or Contin ously spotting the
traffic light in an image like I'm on
some sort of disciplinary road safety
course on our requirement to prove that
I'm
human oh and then what do you do when
the traffic light just spills over onto
the next box like what kind of
psychopath decided to not just realign
the image so you don't have an
existential crisis about what it means
for something to be in something how
almost all laptops no matter the price
seem to have terrible webcams and gaming
headsets terrible microphones when
you're struggling to remember your
password so you're forced to click
forgot my password but then the system
tells you that your new password can't
be the same as any of your old passwords
at which point you remember what your
old password actually was but now I have
to set a new one that you're inevitably
going to forget the next time you ask
for your password actually just
passwords in general we're constantly
being told to set a different password
for every single website and at the same
time to make every single one of those
passwords the most complicated alphabet
spaghetti that we possibly can which is
such a fiddly thing to keep track of in
a world where 3D face scanners and
fingerprint scanners they've been around
for ages like why can't a YouTuber
secure their YouTube account with the
actual face that they use for their
Channel why does the iPhone have
seemingly no ability to display a comma
without going into a separate submenu
like does Apple want me to forget
punctuation exists why does every Amazon
service have like the worst UI known to
man like Prime video why do they bury
the option to continue watching the show
you're watching as if it's not the first
thing you'd want to click or just on the
Amazon storefront there is so much
sponsored content that even with the
whole rating system it's really hard to
find what's actually good and what's not
scrolling web pages you know there's
ones that when you scroll down instead
of moving down it actually just Scrolls
through an animation it never looks as
good as I assume these companies think
it does and you just feel like you're
being prohibited from navigating in the
way that you've been taught to everyone
thought the Nintendo switch was going to
get themes at some point and they'd be
forgiven for thinking so given that
there is an entire menu dedicated to
them which to this day contains two
themes basic white and basic black I
mean the PSP from 2005 had themes what
you doing
Nintendo printers specifically why do I
need to buy a colored ink cartridge if I
want to print in black and white
especially since my black ink cartridge
is completely full obvious scam that no
one's ever fixed but also it's so
misleading how the printers themselves
are sold for basically cost price to
lock you in and only once you're locked
in and you have no other choice do they
sell you the ink cartridges for about
three times that price every single year
with each ink cartridge containing about
five drops of the stuff and if you so
much as dare to try a third party in
cartridge just to save some of that many
printers are designed to detect them and
shut down in protest why do I get
excited about new phone colors when I
know that I'm just going to slap a case
on it anyway applications asking for a
suspicious number of permissions like
why does my wallpaper app need to make
and receive phone calls and the worst
part of it is because you never get
shown exactly what those apps are using
each permission for you either have to
decide screw it I'm downloading nothing
or just accept the fact that you're okay
with giving the app everything how
Ticket Master has become basically the
sole supplier of so many concert tickets
allowing them to charge whatever they
feel like to do so and also removing the
incentive for them to make their website
anything better than the anxiety
inducing countdown filled unstable mess
that it is falling phones are really
hard to look after it's just frustrating
how you can spend so much money on
something and take the best possible
care you can of it and it will still
likely end up with dust finding its way
under the pre-applied screen protector
or when I use these flip phones I'm
constantly missing photo opportun due to
fiddling to get them open in time how
anytime I decide I like the idea of
doing a bit of work outside the
brightness of my laptop screen steps in
to disagree when you're not ready for
the webcam to start recording so
suddenly when everyone on the phone call
gets a front row seat to your double
chins wow how mobile phone carriers
tried to screw customers every possible
turn like for starters how they bundled
together the price of the phone and the
Sim in a monthly fee that is absolutely
silly like $100 a month knowing full
well that many people will reach the
under their contract completely forget
to upgrade phones and just be paying
like 10 times what they should for
what's effectively a Simon deal it's
just a scummy way to make money and
worse still are the abroad fees they're
so excessive they should be illegal I
was in a situation where I was in Africa
last year and I was being charge $1 per
megabyte of roaming data I was using so
let's say I wanted to watch an original
quality Mr Who's The Boss video do you
know how much I would have been charged
$5,500 what a joke there needs to be a
better way to transfer files between
iPhone Android Mac Windows without using
third party software like if you've
tried to use Bluetooth recently you'll
know it's an absolute travesty apps that
spam you with promotional notifications
which you're pretty sure you never asked
for and you have no idea how to get rid
of and even worse is when those annoying
notifications are bundled in with the
ones you actually need to see so you
either decide you have to put up with
all of them or lose half the
functionality of your app the classic
when you can't get your full-size USB
connector in on the first try so you
turn it around and try and squeeze it in
only to realize you were right the first
time and you may have actually damaged
your connector so glad USBC exists now
but that makes it all the more jarring
when companies decide do you know what
even though this completely Universal
charging standard that supports Ultra
fast charging that's fully reversible
and that people already have the cable
for at home exists yeah yeah you know
what let's use a DC port on this device
that's a great idea the weather on the
Windows 11 hot bar seems to be all was
wrong for some reason and obsessed with
saying that something is a record low or
a record high temperature Nintendo have
an absolute Gold Mine of historic
classic video games but why are they
tying people's ability to play them with
having a continuous Nintendo Online
subscription like what do those two
things even have to do with each other
and this brings me on to how older video
games they aren't being preserved the
way that all other media is because
being able to play a game is reliant on
either you having the original Hardware
it was designed for or the game company
specific ly deciding that it wants to
remake it for a new piece of Hardware
we're in a market now where 87% of
classic video games are completely
unavailable and that scares me and then
switch joycons have pretty unacceptable
connectivity issues still let alone the
almost inescapable drift that makes your
joysticks move even if you're not moving
them which does not bring joy that Tik
Tok voice makes me physically convulse
hey that was rude say that to my face
you little see what I mean taking your
phone out your pocket to find your flush
has been on the whole time now I
personally love it when face ID decides
that I just look too rough to unlock the
phone devices that only seem to
wirelessly charge when you place them in
the exact right spot so you find
yourself surgically planting them like
you're in some sort of operating theater
and even then you find half the time
they start and just stop even though
they haven't moved people playing their
music out loud on speakers on a packed
bus or train like do they just not care
or are they genuinely unaware that
people don't want to hear their favorite
SoundCloud rapper Sony's naming schemes
it will forever baffle me that this
company decided that the best name for
their headphones was the
wh-1000 xm5 instead of just the Sony xm5
or for their phones deciding to call the
bigger phone the Sony xeria 1 5 and then
the smaller phone the Sony Xperia 55 and
then just assuming that the average user
is going to be able to look at the name
of this phone even though it's not
written and know that it's actually call
the Xperia 1 Mark 5 honestly this could
be its own
video
why is Eggman able to run just as fast
as Sonic products that tack AI or smart
on themselves just because they have
more than one feature and besides do you
really need a smart
fridge Windows requiring a restart for
every single update even for the most
minuscule bug fixes that are going to
affect literally four people around the
world and also Windows update and shut
down just half the time seems to self
decide instead to update and restart how
Google drive's ability to download big
files is just broken like it'll try and
zip them up into something more
manageable but then I guess realize what
it's undertaking and just decide that's
too much work you had one job Alexa even
today refusing to support Google search
like a child that decides it wants to be
best friends with well beinging but
that's obviously a mistake how so many
high-end laptops make you feel like
you've got a superpow because of their
blinding performance so long as you're
plugged in and the second you unplug
them they shrivel up into a wet towel
autosave features that decide not to
autosave right when you need them the
most more video games really need to
start adding in or have you played one
of these before option to avoid the long
ass tutorial that every beginner needs
but it's a total chore for veterans of
the series I mean I can't even tell you
how many times I've been taught how to
catch a Pokmon it's not like it's
changed in the last 25 years those
mobile game ads for games that don't
exist like why don't they just actually
make the games that they know people
would rather play well thankfully
someone actually did there's a whole
game on Steam that is all about
recreating them the music syn setting on
Smart balls how it never seems to work
properly uneven
bezels that's literally it how Netflix
doesn't just let you read the blurb of
your movie in peace but instead insists
on starting it anyway QuickTime events
during cutcenes I don't mind mashing
Square so that Spiderman will stop the
car he just zipped over to but if I've
been watching a bunch of people talk for
10 minutes straight I don't want to have
to suddenly Panic to pick up my
controller in a hurry with my Cheeto
dust and crusted fingers I thought by
playing a mini movie you're
communicating to me that it's the
perfect time for a little snack break
things that don't need to be online all
the time like single player games or you
know your entire home's smart lighting
system but that force you to stay online
just so that you're either ready to make
a purchase at all times or they can
continuously keep track of if youve paid
the latest monthly installment every
time I turn on my Xbox there seems to be
yet another software update all I want
to do is to play it offline co-op game
made like 15 years ago which definitely
doesn't need updates but it insists and
whether I like it or not I have to
verify my accounts I have to download
the update I have to install the update
before I can all while trying to type on
the highly unintuitive controller
keyboard another console gripe while
both PS5 and Xbox in theory have the
ability to resume games immediately even
days after they've been suspended the
game devs themselves by making
everything always online basically lock
you out of using that feature there's is
some sort of server that I seem to be
getting kicked from every time I try it
the trend of removing ports on laptops
like surely the fact that these dongles
have now become Amazon bestsellers is a
sign that it's not helping GPS that only
seems to face the right way half the
time so you actually just have to start
walking one way to work out if it's the
right way how different audio devices
have different audio balancing so if
you're not careful when you switch
between them with your headphones you
may well not be hearing properly for 3
Days the renaming of Twitter tox and how
it's one of the stupidest brand branding
decisions of all time I mean Twitter was
one of the most recognizable brands on
Earth to the point where their name was
actually a verb very few companies ever
achieve this only really Google comes to
mind and so to throw it all away because
well X is the coolest letter is baffling
not to mention that typing in x.com into
your browser window looks incredibly sus
Wi-Fi
connected internet not available the way
the PS5 UI whes at you when you turn it
off at the plug really guilts you
hardcore about not using the power
button how games consoles are more
powerful than they've ever been and yet
less able than ever to actually let you
play multiplayer with someone on the
same device console can't read your disc
so you take it out you do nothing you
reinsert it and it magically Works video
gam sizes are enormous now so big that
when you buy the physical game you're
not actually buying the physical game
you're just buying a portal to be able
to download it which also means a lot of
the time when you buy a game now you no
longer permanently own the game like you
used to with old consoles your ability
to play that game in the future is
dependent on the health of Sony servers
and Microsoft servers and more
worryingly Nintendo servers inapp
purchases on games that you've already
purchased and then what hurts a lot more
is that those inapp purchases are
specifically designed to gouge as much
cash out of you as possible like forcing
you to buy the in-game premium currency
to be able to make the purchases but
then making sure that the amount of
in-game currency you can buy doesn't
exactly match with how much you need to
spend online forms that you can't save
progress on partway through and then
when you're just about to finish trying
to swipe sideways and actually swiping
all the way back to the beginning or on
your phone spending 25 minutes getting
immersed in an article only to tap
something near the top of your screen
and inadvertently scroll all the way to
the top websites that constantly rename
and edit articles for SEO especially
misleading for Tech news because you
could well be reading something that was
actually written 2 years ago but because
one word on the web page has been
updated it now shows up as if it's brand
new searching for ages to the solution
of a tech problem only to stumble across
a 7-year-old Reddit thread where the
question asker just suddenly says oh
it's
fixed without saying how the
unbelievable new tide of AI generated
spam emails which are just now reaching
the level of sophistication to be
basically indistinguishable from Human
emails how every single thing needs to
be a subscription now to a stupid degree
like for things you already own like a
piece of software that you've already
paid a one-off fee to purchase or like
that time that BMW decided to charge
people to heat the seats in their car
but got a full Tech fails video for a
proper Lowdown on that one and what
makes it worse is deliberately
misleading website design that
specifically obstructs those key options
like being able to cancel your
membership or unsubscribe from the
mailing list just making it so annoying
to unsubscribe that some people might
just decide to stay subscribed and
speaking of
subscriptions I just want to say thank
you because we're like this close now to
being in the final million Subs between
us and Apple which is the home stretch
in a restaurant where there are no
physical menus and the QR code is not
working either so uh I'll take a tap
water the lack of clear standards when
it comes to USB cables while some can
literally be 12 megabits per second
others can be 10 gbits and for an
average consumer it's not really clear
which is which going abroad on holiday
and suddenly every single one of your
accounts thinks you're an imposter how
all the best phones nowadays are too big
to reach the whole screen with your
thumb so I just call people whose
numbers are on the right hand side
companies who say they don't give you
anything with your smartphone for the
environment but then proceed to sell you
those same contents separately when
sites try to redirect you to their app
which you already have installed but
instead for some reason decides to
either take you to the App Store page or
the web page version why does this
happen so much and just before my top 10
if you decided that you actually wanted
to build a website yourself that people
would be excited to land on then I've
just started using a tool called Ten web
you kind of have to see it to believe it
so you open the site it asks you several
questions about your business and as
soon as you answer those questions it
uses a powerful AI model to literally in
front of your eyes generate a completely
custom personalized site a full
WordPress site as if you'd coded it
yourself you can make any final tweaks
at the end which is also made simple
thanks to an intuitive editor they do
the hosting the backups the security you
don't need to think about anything Link
in the description to learn more okay
final 10 those incredibly annoying Waits
don't skip this ad then you're going to
miss out YouTube ad that you're going to
skip how the do you like our app popup
comes in about 12 seconds after booting
It Up For the First Time Spotify and how
it only lets you use offline features if
you turn on offline mode if I've
downloaded a podcast why does it only
show up if I tell the app that I have no
signal why does the Dual sense
controller's microphone default to on
surely it would make more sense for the
default to be off and then the LED like
to indicate when it is on as opposed to
the other way around that way while
you're trying to line up the perfect
longrange head shot you wouldn't have to
hear the incessant background noise of
concerned parents telling their kids
they should probably do their homework
now seeing the notification number on an
app telling you that something needs to
be actioned but having absolutely no
idea how to clear it how you can't use
face ID or touch ID after your device
has been restarted your iPhone
automatically backing up all of your
photos even if you have tons of spare
internal storage and you only realizing
it's done that when you're trying to
show someone a memory and realize you
can't access it how you never get close
to your advertised Wi-Fi speeds and how
5G is so poor in so many countries that
when that little icon pops up in the
corner it's often more of a concern than
it is a convenience how the YouTube app
doesn't have a back button so when
you're deep down in your rabbit hole and
you want to go to the previous video you
actually just have to exit the whole
thing and start from the beginning so
yeah you're not alone in your
frustrations let me know your worst ones
and maybe we'll do a followup